# 1. Opinions

In my opinion,
In my perspective,
From my point of view,
I am inclined to believe that...

From my point of view, governmetns and local authorities should ban fast food companies from advertising to young people.

- **Some people argue that ..., however, in my perspective...**
  Some people argue that children should be allowed to eat whatever they want; however, I am declined to believe that
  children's diet need to be closely supervised.

# 2. Extend your ideas

Additionally...
In addition...
Moreover...
Not only ... but also ...

In addition, children who eat a lot of fast food are more at risk of serious health issues.
Not only is fast food unhealthy for children but it can also cause serious health issues.

# 3. Examples

For example...
For instance...
To illustrate...
A clear example of this is...

A clear example of this is heart disease since children who eat a lot of fast food are more prone to heart-related health issues later in lift.
To illustrate, a recent study found that children who eat fast food on a daily basis are 15% more likely to have heart-related health issues when they become adults.

# 4. Conditional

If ...
Provided that ...
As long as ...
Unless ...

Provided that children eat a balanced diet, having one or two fast-food meal per week should not cause any health issues.
Unless governments ban fast food companies advertising to children, health issues among the young will continue to increase.

# 5. Counclusion

In conclusion...
To conclude...

// informal
In a nutshell...
Finally...
