#

https://www.usf.edu/undergrad/academic-success-center/documents/revised-transitions-ws.pdf

# ILLUSTRATION

Thus, for example, for instance, namely, to illustrate, in other words, in particular, specifically,
such as.

# CONTRAST

On the contrary, contrarily, but, however, in spite of, in contrast,
yet, on one hand, on the other hand, at the same time

# ADDITION

And, in addition to, furthermore, moreover, besides, than, too, also, both-and, another,
equally
important, first, second, etc., again, further, last, finally, not only-but also, as well as, in the second
place, next, likewise, similarly, in fact, as a result, consequently, in the same way, for example, for
instance, however, thus, therefore, otherwise.
TIME
After, afterward, before, then, once, next, last, at last, at length, first, second, etc., at first, formerly,
rarely, usually, another, finally, soon, meanwhile, at the same time, for a minute, hour,
day, etc., during the morning, day, week, etc., most important, later, ordinarily, to begin
with, afterwards, generally, in order to, subsequently, previously, in the meantime,
immediately, eventually, concurrently, simultaneously.
SPACE
At the left, at the right, in the center, on the side, along the edge, on top, below, beneath, under,
around, above, over, straight ahead, at the top, at the bottom, surrounding, opposite, at the rear, at
the front, in front of, beside, behind, next to, nearby, in the distance, beyond, in the forefront, in
the foreground, within sight, out of sight, across, under, nearer, adjacent, in the background.
CONCESSION
Although, at any rate, at least, still, thought, even though, granted that, while it may be true, in
spite of, of course.
SIMILARITY
Similarly, likewise, in like fashion, in like manner, analogous to.
EMPHASIS
Above all, indeed, truly, of course, certainly, surely, in fact, really, in truth, again, besides,
also,
furthermore, in addition.
DETAILS
Specifically, especially, in particular, to explain, to list, to enumerate, in detail, namely, including.
EXAMPLES
For example, for instance, to illustrate, thus, in other words, as an illustration, in particular
CONSEQUENCE OR RESULT
So that, with the result that, thus, consequently, hence, accordingly, for this reason, therefore, so,
because, since, due to, as a result, in other words, then
SUMMARY
Therefore, finally, consequently, thus, in short, in conclusion, in brief, as a result, accordingly.
SUGGESTION
For this purpose, to this end, with this in mind, with this purpose in mind, therefore.
